Kinesis Data Analytics can have several different sources for incoming
data, It can use Kinesis Data Streams to get near real‑time data to
analyze directly from one of those streams.
It can also use Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams,
which will still provide batches of data,
but not quite as quickly as Kinesis Data Streams.
Finally,
you can also use reference data in a source like S3
to enrich your data. For example,
you can use S3 data as something like a reference
table in a traditional database,
and then bring that data in as you're processing the data coming in from Kinesis Data Analytics and your sources.